Start with Firebase Authentication and select the provider

- [Instructor] Firebase authentications provide backend services and easy-to-use SDKs to authenticate users to your single-page application. So in this example, we're going to look at the web and JavaScript SDK, and we're going to see how to get started and how to enable authentications to allow users to connect to our app. So with Firebase services, it support authentication with email and password, so the classic way. But you can also allow users to authenticate by using popular providers like Google that we're going to use in this example, also Facebook plugin, and also Twitter. You even have the option, so to let users authenticate connect to your app by using their phone number. So that's great. So in this example, we're going to learn the steps to set the Firebase off JavaScript SDK, and we're going to use the example of Google. We're going to learn to create and manage user accounts with our Gmail accounts. So that's going to be the other requirements for this chapter, which is to use your Gmail accounts to do the example. And that's even better if you have multiple accounts so we can switch between the accounts and do different demonstrations and tests. So the requirements before we begin is to add Firebase to your JavaScript project. So that's one first step required. Then enable Google as a sign-in method in the Firebase console. So we're going to do that by going to the Firebase console. Let's do that. And from the left, you're going to select Authentication. There we go. So now from here you can select Get started. And from this tab, so here you're going to have a list of the users, so once you have created their accounts, and on this tab, you're going to have access to the sign-in, all the sign-in methods available with the authentication service provided by Firebase. So that's great. So you have the classic email and password, phone and even anonymous. And for our example, we want to allow users to authenticate by using their Gmail accounts. So we're going to do that. And you just need, so that's very simple, you just need to, here, switch. So switch this one in order to activate Google sign-in and it's going to ask us for a few details and information. And we're going to do that next actually. We're going to allow to create new credentials by using the client ID, but also the client secrets of your Google account for a new project so that's going to be enabled. And after that, we're going to look at the web SDK configuration. So this is where you're going to set up your client ID and client secrets. And from this time, so here it's going to ask me for an email but I'm going to show you all of that in a next video. We're going to see how to enable Google sign-in so we can then allow, enable to use it, allow users to connect authenticates in our app.