Google Cloud Platform: Create new credentials

- [Presenter] We continue with the activation of the Google sign-in method. So let's do that from here, Set up sign-in method and then we select Google. And the process is very simple, because you simply need to check Enable and then select an email. That's it. And then you can click Save and you are good to go. So the thing is that I still want to show you one part which is optional, which is how to set up a Client ID and one Client Secret. So that used to be required before, so you needed to go to the Google Cloud Platform in order to create those two. So this is automatically enabled, so as soon as you enable Google sign-in, so you don't need to manually set it up. I'm still going to show you this part which is optional, so you understand how to create a new OAuth Client ID and a Client Secret. So let's go to GCP, Google Cloud Platform. Okay, so from here, so on the GCP platform you can select a project. So I'm going to go ahead and select this one. But what matters is actually to go on the left, select APIs & Services and then go to Credentials. So as soon as you go here, so you have the options to then create new credentials and you want to select OAuth client ID. Then select Web application. Web client, so that's going to be enough. And then you can also set up every URL that you'd like to authorize. So localhost. For example, we want to authorize the one that we are using on localhost, so we're going to do that. And also the redirect will be the same because what's going to happen with the Google sign-in method is that you're going to have a dialogue box opening so you can authenticate. So once this is done, you can leave this application from Google, and then go back to your own application. So you need to set this up. So you need to specify where you want to go back once the authentication process is finished. That's it. You can just now click on Create "Please review and update." I think I'm missing, okay. So it's just a forward slash that needs to be removed, and then you can click Create. So that's it. After that, you're going to see that you have your Client ID and your Client Secret that you should copy. But if you close it, so that's okay, you can always go back by selecting, so the one that you just created and then take it from here. So Client ID and Client Secret. So if you ever need to use it in some ways, that's where you would find it. But the benefit with Firebase is that it's already set up for you. So we simply need to, whenever you enable right here, you can just select your email and then click Save. And that's it. And then after that, you're good to go. So what's left to do is that I'm going to show you quick. Here it goes, so as soon as you see this, that Google is enabled, so you're good to go. We can then go back to the documentation. Find the section for authentication. And again find the the section for the web. And select Get Started. Next, the task will be to configure the JavaScript SDK to enable the sign-in and also the sign-out methods and allow to create new user accounts for our application. We are doing that next.