Create a new project and a new application

- [Instructor] In the next videos, I'm going to walk you through the steps in order to get started with Firebase. First, we create a new project, then we register a new application in this project. But before that, we need to make sure that you are connected with your Gmail account, then we can go to the console. And from here, you're going to follow the instructions on screen in order to add in your projects. So you can see already that we have a few projects existing available. So we're going to go ahead and check one out just as an example and you have the options to add as many applications as you wish for the same projects. So either create a web application and also mobile applications for Android or iOS. Then connect to the services that you need for your project. For example, create a NoSQL database to store and synchronize data across all your applications, cloud storage in order to upload media to the cloud, authentications so you have access to different sign-in methods to allow users to connect to your application with Google, Facebook, or Twitter, and you have also the options to deploy to the cloud and we'll see that in next steps. But for the moment, we're going to go ahead and create a new project, so we're going to click on Add Project. So I'm going to name this one Firestock. I'm going to click Continue. And I don't want to enable Google Analytics so I'm going to leave this one unchecked, but then I'm going to go ahead, so that's very quick. You see that's two steps in order to create in your projects. I'm going to click Create Project. So now that this is ready, I can click on Continue. And now I have the option to register a new application, so I'm going to do that by selecting Web because I want to create a web application. Okay. I'm going to name this one react-firestock and click Register App. And after that, it's going to give me instructions as to how to add Firebase to my client application like so. So that's going to be actually the next step which is to add Firebase to our application. So we're going to do npm install. And also we're going to add this piece. You can copy the whole thing, but you don't need to do that just right now. You can copy if you'd like to add to your clipboard. And after that, that's going to be the next steps, actually steps three, four, and five, which is to first install the SDK. We're going to do that with npm. Then we're going to configure Firebase in our single-page application, so that's going to be with this code snippet. And finally, we're going to initialize new applications by using this method from the Firebase SDK. So everything is very well-explained. We're going to follow the same steps. I'm going to click on the Continue Console. Here we go. So next, I'll show you the steps three and four which are to install the SDK and how to configure and initialize the Firebase project in our single-page application.