Set documents with images: Set the date

- [Instructor] So we finish with a little bit of front end. So now we have images, so that's great. So what I'd like to do is to display the date properly. We're going to add a few data, like the date on one side and also the user information on the right which is not yet available, but we are already preparing a spot just to display the username information. So once we are ready to display the user, the author name, it's going to be showing right here. So let's go back, and right here you have the date, so basically we're going to use the split method that we must use on a string object. So I'm going to wrap all of this within this operator, and then I'm going to use split. I'm going to separate every word into an array. And for this, if we look at this, so when you display, I no longer have access to it, but remember that we had first the day of the week, then you had the month, finally the date and the year. So basically you want to display that in that order. And that's going to be first in the index position. So that's going to be following the index position. So that's going to be first this one. And then date, it's going to be, I want to display the information at position index two. I think I'm missing one curly brace to close here. And finally, we also have the information of the year which was at index position three, if I remember correctly. So now we know that we can display this. Okay, so here we go. That's great. We're going to also center this, what we could do something better. Actually, I'm going to wrap all of this in a div because what's meant to be is it's going to be actually right here. So that's going to be the title first. And then within a div we're going to find the date information and another information that we are yet to set up which will be the user. For now, I'm just going to hard code this one. We're going to write username like so, and let me replace to italicize for the font style like so. We're going to read Username, and also I'd like to put them aside from each other. So one on each side. So we're going to use Flex Box for that. And that's convenient with Bootstrap as well because we have this utility CSS that allows to automatically create the flex box. And by default it's going to be put on the line. And to put those two on both sides, we're going to use another class, built in CSS class, which is justify content center. Not center, my bad, it's going to be content between, so it's going to put space, so it's going to fill in the entire space and put space between the two elements, which are within the flex box. And I'm going to finish by adding some padding. So I'm going to do that also with this other CSS class. Okay, that's great, but a little bit less, maybe just two. And that's going to be enough. And I'm going to add maybe some space around that should be if I do MT. Just one, not too much. And I think this is looking great so far. So far, so good. So we already have a great looking single page application now, so there's more to come. And next we allow users to create an account and then authenticate with their account so they can log in and then be authorized to add images to the image gallery. So that's what we are doing next. We're going to enable authentication with Firebase. So still by using the Firebase services, and for this particular example coming next, we're going to use the Google sign-in methods to allow users to authenticate to their website. So let's do that next.