Get started with Cloud Storage on the web

- [Instructor] In this part, we're going to see how to get started with cloud storage for the web. And we're going to see also how to create a default cloud storage bucket. So to build rich media content into web apps we have access to one great service, which is cloud storage for Firebase; that allows us to upload content such as images and video, and to store media content in a Google Cloud storage bucket. So I'll show you the steps to create a default bucket storage to store media content. You're going to see that the process is easy peasy. So for that, we're going to head first to the get started section. So under web, the web section. So we are looking at the web sdk, get started. And so the first steps, so first the prerequisites are obviously to have installed properly the Firebase JavaScript sdk, and then initialized a new project, which is already done. So we have already fulfilled this part. So let's move on to create a default cloud storage bucket. So what you want to do is to first go to the Firebase console, then select storage, then click get started. From there, you're going to follow the instructions on screen in order to create a new bucket. So that's very easy, very quick and easy. From this step, you're going to be able also to set the security rules, and then select a location and finally click done in order to create a new bucket. So let's do that. Let's go to the console. So let's select our project, which is Firestock. Here we go. So this is our project, and from here we're going to go ahead and select storage. You should find this under build. And here you're going to select storage. All right, so this is from there. You're going to be able to then click get started. We're going to select start in test mode, and then click next. So you already have access to the security rules by default, you can always change that afterwards. So we're going to click next. The location is already set and then finally we can click Done. Very easy. Here we go. So now this is done. And the next steps will be also easy. We're going to write the code to be able to upload images to our client app and also download images from the cloud. We're going to discover the sdk, the JavaScript SDK in order to implement the code, and finally create rich visual content with images stored in the cloud. And so the benefits of the cloud-based database and storage also is that first, this is serverless, so the content can be hosted and managed remotely. The second benefit is that this is scalability. You can run the most current task in a cost effective and time saving way. All operations are handled by the cloud provider and the administration is easy. As you could see, it was very quick and easy to create a new bucket. So both the console and the documentation makes it easy to get started with a new project and a new cloud storage. So let's keep going and see how we can build a new application with images and fill our application with rich visual imagery.