Define React environment variables

- [Instructor] Something I'd like to show you before moving forward. So that's important to know. So whenever you work on a web project is that whenever you deal with sensitive data like this, so this is the configuration settings for your project, your Firebase projects. So this is information that you should always keep private and secret because you don't want to expose this publicly because anyone could then interact with your database and other Firebase services that you have set up for your project. So this is very critical that you keep this private. For that, we're going to use and create environment variables, and we're going to do that with a new file that I'm going to create at the root of the project. And that's going to be env. And that is something that you're going to specify in your gitignore because you never want to push this. So if you ever use a remote repository, a public remote repository on GitHub for example, you want to make sure that this is never pushed and also that you never want to write statically your configuration settings. Instead, you're going to use something like process.env, which is a global variable, like so. And then, refer to one.REACT_APP environment variable. So we're going to do that right here, and let's go back to the env file, like so. We're going to write this. So every new variable that you're going to write, it's always going to be prefixed by this REACT_APP. So I'm going to compute this, actually. Let me go back because I'm going to need all the information. So that's going to be first API key. And that's going to be called to this. Next, I'm going to write, it's going to be actually AUTH_DOMAIN. And one-by-one, one after another, I'm going to complete, like make sure that I make a reference to every setting that we need in order to run our Firebase projects. And this one is going to be this. Next, we have the storage buckets. Like so. Next, we have the MESSAGING_SENDER_ID. It's not something we are going to be using for that example, but still, we're going to specify it. And then APP_ID to finish. That's it. Okay, now when this is done, let's go back here. So we now then need to make a reference to every environmental variable. The first REACT_API_KEY. Same for the AUTH_DOMAIN. Oh, it's going to be REACT_APP because it needs to be prefixed by REACT_APP. And that's going to be AUTH_DOMAIN. Same for here. It's going to be PROJECT_ID. Here, it's going to be STORAGE BUCKET. Here, it's going to be MESSAGING_SENDER_ID. Finally, we have the APP_ID. And if everything is fine, there won't be any change like for here. So let's go back to inspect. Here we go. So looks like it's not actually picking up on, we just need to make sure that this is like in the right place. So this is REACT_APP. And I think I'm missing here. I should have put here the same prefix, which is for storage bucket. So let's just make sure that we have no typo, like everything should be starting with React, the same prefix, which is REACT_APP. This is important. So React, the application, within the application, it can picks up on this file. And it should be up and running. And in the case, I should start the app again. Npm starts, it may be required in that case. Here we go. So this is back to normal. So the only thing is that it's not picking up on the image that we had before stored, and that's no problem because we're going to discover after that, cloud storage in order to upload and then download images into our app.