Configure the routes and create a navigation component

- [Instructor] So now we start to set up routes to map URLs and locations to specific React components. So each time you change the browser URL and path name, the user can navigate to the corresponding components. So to do that, we're going to use other components. I'm going to add them to the scope. So the first one will be routes. And another one, which is route. That we used to configure the routes. First, we add routes, which is like the parent of all the routes, so you must always configure your routes within this component, which is routes. And then to define a routes, it's going to take two props. So first the path, to define the location, the path name, and then the elements. So, which component to display when you navigate to this route. So that's going to be the route location. And for the components, we're going to specify App. So that's going to correspond to the homepage. Okay, so that's going to be the route location to display the homepage. Next, we would like to create another route for the example. So let's say I'm going to create a component here at the top. I'm going to name this one Stocks, to return just nh1, a heading for now. And we're going to read my stock images, like this. And right below I'm going to define another route. And define the path name. This one is going to be stocks. And for the elements, meaning the corresponding components to display when you navigate to this path. This will be then stocks, like so. So let's try that. So I'm going to make sure that we run that we have the app up and running. Okay, that's great. Let's go to here. And we're going to do that manually, because we don't have any links set up for now. And we're going to do, I think it's Stocks. Yeah, it is Stocks. There we go. And now we can read my stock images. Perfect. So in the app we have the app component, which is at the top level component, where we declare the routes. Okay, so this is what we did. And finally, the routes component is where we declare the first of the routes. So the purpose of this video was to see how to create and configure our first route, which is very, very straightforward and easy. Next, we want to actually be able to navigate from one page to one view to another by using links. So we want to do that with the user interaction, allow the user to go from one page to another. And for that we're going to create a navigation component. We're going to use the link component, also from the React router library, that allows navigations to a specific page on the click events.