Install React router DOM v6

- [Instructor] React Router is the standard routing library for React when you need to allow moving between multiple views of your single page application. It is a popular React library that is heavily used for client-side routing that takes care of keeping your application UI and URLs in sync, thanks to various components APIs like routes, link, switch, that you can use in your React application to render different components based on the URL path names in your single-page application. So in this section, we're going to learn to implement client-side routing with React Router. First, we start with the fundamentals and the basics. So let's head to this I'm new section. Then, we're going to see how to install the version six of the React Router library. So we're going to head to the setup section, and find this here script. This is npm install react-router-dom, and I'm going to run this in my app. Here we go. And so the next step will be to dive into some useful React Router components in order to allow users to navigate between pages, starting with this component, which is BrowserRouter. I'm going to add this one in the scope. That's going to be from react-router-dom. And BrowserRouter is actually the primary component of the library. So this one is the primary components of the library that allows to keep effectively, the UI in sync with the browser URLs. It also keeps track and controls the app's current location and browser history. And because of that, we need to make this one available everywhere in the app. So that's why we are putting this one at the highest level of the application trip. So this needs to be added at the top level. And we're going to wrap the root component. So just like we did with the context object that we used to share global states across the entire application. So this needs to be available everywhere. Perfect. And now, we are ready to set up the routes and the navigation. So the next steps will be to create the routes, to allow navigations between multiple views. So what we have so far is just one page to display the image gallery. So what we would like is to allow users to display the entire gallery, but also have the options to display only images uploaded by the user. And we could also optional have another page to display the profile of the user with the accounts and user information. And as a final exercise and challenge, we're going to set up also a not found component, in the case we'll land on a page that doesn't exist, allowing us to navigate back to the homepage in order to create a rich user experience. So let's have a look at the React Router library, starting in the next page when we start to create and configure the routes.