Project overview

- [Instructor] The class is very project oriented with a practical approach, for the best benefits and results. What we're building in this class is a feature-rich, single page application to showcase an image gallery, with data stored in the cloud. Where users can authenticate, users can also upload new images, so they can upload these to the cloud, and display in the image gallery. Users can also search for and filter results with this search feature. And we also implement client-side routing to allow page navigation. The steps to build the single page applications are to first implement the state management with the hooks and the Context API. Then we configure client-side routings to allow navigation between pages. We also set up a serverless backend to store, manage, and synchronize data with the Firebase SDK. So we dedicate several chapters to learn the Firebase services. First, we start in your projects. And then we add to our single page application. We learn to create a no SQL database with Cloud Fire Store, and to upload and download images with cloud storage. We also learn to create and manage users with Google sign-in and Firebase auth. Finally, we deploy our single page applications to the cloud with Firebase hosting. We also use a popular HTML and CSS library, Bootstrap, to create beautiful and responsive user interfaces. Something you should keep in mind is that this class does not teach the fundamentals. In this class, we will not cover the basics of front end development, with HTML and CSS, or the React essentials. This class assumes that you know the basics of web development, that you know the HTML tags to create webpages, and that you understand the CSS properties to change the appearance of a webpage. The course is for any developer with a basic experience of React, willing to go beyond the basics of just building React projects on the site. To build the solid knowledge to create large scale applications, and understand the techniques and solutions to develop good software architecture. React is one of the most widely open source library for building modern user interfaces and single page applications. It was created in 2013. At the time of recording, it already counts more than 17 millions downloads and 196,000 starts on GitHub. And React is used by huge companies and popular brands, like Netflix, Dropbox, and PayPal to name a few. The main benefits of working with React is that it is easy to learn and to use with its component based architecture. It can be used everywhere with everything. It has a great ecosystem. And it has also a very large web community of experts and contributors. If you ever have a technical question about React you are 100% sure to find the solution online. It really makes the best options to get started with creating single page applications. This course and the project will be an excellent training. And I'm sure that it will help you greatly in your software development career.