Solution: Breaking up the UI

- [Instructor] So let's see now the solution to the challenge, which is to break up the UI to learn to think in React. What we want here is to create small units in order to create the user interface of this navbar. We can see that we have a unit for the navigation, another search component, and another one which is used for the dropdown. So think of it as a construction game like the Legos. We're going to create and use small units in order to put everything together. We're going to put all the pieces together to create the user interface. So back in the source code, we're going to head directly into the navbar, and you can see already that this is quite complex because we have multiple lines of code, and we can easily separate several elements in order to keep things simple and tidy. For example, you have here an ordered list. This is used for the navigation to allow users to navigate between different views in the app in the single-page application. And there is another one below, which is a form. So this will be the search form. The user can input a content and return a list of filtered results based on the input. So here as well, that's going to be another component. Finally, we have a dropdown right here, and this is where we're going to find different options, so first to log in, and another here option, which is to navigate to another view to display the user account information. So let's put all the three components into separate small units. So I'm going to start with this first one, which is the navigation. And I'm going to go, actually, I'm going to stay in the same file, and I'm going to name this first component Navigation, and I'm going to return this in an ordered list. So that's going to be one component for one responsibility. Another one will be for the search form, and another one will be for the dropdown. So let's go back here. We are going to copy, actually cut. And I want to keep this one separate in its own small unit. Here we go. And finally, the dropdown. So that's going to be all that's together. From line 55 to 77, I'm going to cut and put it inside its own component, its own unit. So now we have successfully removed everything that can be kept in one separate piece, and we're going to put everything together to create the user interface. So if we go back to the browser, we're going to see that now, we have this, just a navbar, where we can read the name of the app. So this is very minimalist, simple. And in order to put together the UI again, we're going to then use every small unit that we put together like Legos, starting with the navigation, then the search form, finally, the dropdown. Here we go. And let's have a look. There we go. So that's back to how it was. So the improvement here is that we've been able to successfully divide the user interface into small components, and when it's necessary, you can then pass data down to child components in order to customize. So not only can you create reusable components, but also flexible components. So this is the final layout, where we can make out different pieces brought together. We have first a navigation component. We're going to have more links later to allow navigations between different views. Then we have a search component that we're going to use to filter results. So this is a feature that we implement later. And a dropdown, far right, where you can read Login, and that we'll implement later as well. And this will be used for user authentication. So how did it go? I hope that you found the exercise interesting and fun. Components are the building blocks of any single-page application built with React. Next, we discover other key concepts of the React library to create large applications, highly maintainable and scalable, with good architecture and the best software design. Congratulations on doing great on your first challenge. Let's continue and go beyond the basics and see how React works under the hood to learn to handle state management with the hooks in the next chapter.