Build a responsive layout with Bootstrap 5

- [Instructor] In this video, we continue to build UI with the help of Bootstrap of course. So we're going to head straight to the Components section, where we're going to find a large collection of ready to use HTML and CSS components. So we're going to find this one, Navbar. So I'd like to add in my layout this, the same result, like a nice looking Navbar. So in order to write everything from scratch, I'm going to use this code snippet. I'm going to add it to the clipboard. I'm going to go back to my projects and add this right above the container like this. And there is one concept with React, which is that whenever you have two elements next to each other, you must always have one parent's element. So we're going to use what we call the fragments which is like a tag, but without the tags because it doesn't add any node into the document object model. And that's going to fix the issue. The other concept with React is that it must always have a corresponding closing tag. So we're going to fix this by adding a forward slash for this input. Same for this divider. And here we go. I'm going to finish by formatting my document. Here we go. And we're going to look at the result now. Here we go. So now we have a nice looking Navbar available at the top. And what we want also is to create a gallery of images. So we're going to use for that another component provided by Bootstrap, which is the Card. So let's find one nice example. For example, this one. So I just need to have, to have the same result, I just need to copy this to my clipboard. And I'm going to put it right here. I just need to do a few things first, which is to first add a row, and this is to create the gallery. And then I'm going to put my Card component within. And that's not it. I need to do a few fixes. First, this image tag is always safe closing, so I'm going to change this. And we are missing a source image, so we're going to add this from line three. I'm adding this, I'm providing with a link. And this is just to use a placeholder image until we can use actual images. And for the alternate text, we must always provide one, So I'm going to provide "image". Another requirement with React is that for inline style we should always use objects. So I'm going to fix this by here, adding an object and that should be fine for now. We should see this image for the moment. And the goal is maybe to have like a few, like maybe nine or 10. So we could do that by creating a loop. And for that we don't have any collection of image for now. We're going to use this method to create an iteration. We're going to specify how many elements we would like for this iteration, so I'm going to specify nine. Here we go. And we're going to use an error method. And this is to use like, we're going to wrap all of this. And that should be my bad. All of this within apply. And just one closing parenthesis. And this is map, and this inside we're going to return this element. So this Card that we just copied from the bootstrap documentation. And we must always specify return because this is something that we're going to then repeat, and return to display in the user interface, like so. Let's see how this looks. And for this layout, I'm not going to need any text. I'm going to remove this, this card-body from line 91 to 95. I'm going to remove this and I think it's all of this. Here we go. So we should only keep the image to display in one Card. Here we go. So the only thing what's missing is that we should create columns within the grid. So I'm going to wrap this card within another div, and this will be a column. This is from the documentation of Bootstrap as well. And I'm going to specify column in the closing tag right here. And that should be fine. That should look good. This is starting to look good. I'm just going to add another utility CSS which is mb. B for bottom, and 5 just to add some space like around every Card. And that's just the beginning. So this is starting to shape up nicely. We now have a nice looking Navbar component that we're going to use later to include in navigation, a search feature and a dropdown to log user in and out. And also with the options to check out the user's account and profile page.