Handle conditional rendering

- [Instructor] For this application, we want to give the user the options to upload stock images and then display in the gallery. For that, we're going to use one form. So remember that this is not a course about React basics or frontend development, so we are not going to be writing all the code from scratch. Instead, I am providing you with code snippets for your convenience as well. So you're going to find in the exercise files one uploadform.js. So you're going to copy all the source code and then go back to the application. And inside components, you're going to go ahead and create a new components. I'm going to name this one UploadForm, and then we're going to paste, and remember that you must also export default, like so, so you can use it outside of this module. So back in the App component, we're going to then import, add to the scope, and now we're going to use this form and add it in our... Here, user interface, we're going to make a few changes because that was just for the demo. Before that, we're not going to be using this button, we're just going to use the same title actually. Instead of collapse, we're going to read Add, just to give the user the option to be able to add a new picture using this form. So we're going to see that now this is visible and I'm going to move also the button far right by using float-end. This is another utility CSS from Bootstrap. So now you're going to see that you have the option to display or not display a form. So for that we're going to use the state to change the visibility of this element. So we're going to pass a prop, we're going to pass a value as a prop to this component, isVisible, and we're going to pass the value of isCollapsed. So for now this is false, and we're going to go back to UploadForm to allow to read from this prop which is isVisible. You're going to see that now if we go back to the browser, we're going to do Inspect, you're going to see that now you have access to this prop from the UploadForm components, here we go. So for now, this is visible. And I'm going to use the value of the states to change the visibility of this component. So I'm going to use this operator. So that's going to be only if this is true, that this is going to be visible. So for now, this is going to be hidden because the state is equal to false. This is too close to the gallery, So I'm going to add one div, and that's going to be clearfix, and I'm going to add some space with this utility CSS as well. So, now we want to allow to toggle the value. So, this is already done. So, we simply need to, with this action, we're going to toggle between the value of true and false, and you're going to see that when we click, it's going to be visible, and when I click again, it's going to change the state and then change the visibility as well because this is false. So let's go back to our code because I'd like to also change the content, so based on the states. So I'm going to use the ternary operator. So when this is true, I want to read close, and the value will be added when this is false, meaning that this is false so this is not visible. So I want to have the options to make visible the form so I can type and then add a picture, and then close when I no longer need the form. So here you go, so now we're going to use this form to upload images and then add images to the gallery. So we're going to look at that next. We're going to see how we can manage the forms to then use the user input and then update what we have displayed in the image gallery.