Work with forms

- [Instructor] So now we want to be able to work with the form so we can actually use the user's input to update what we have in the gallery. So let's go back to the code and we're going to add, we're going to start by adding a new local variable right here at the top. That's going to be input, set, input, use state, and I'm going to add a few handler function, handle and change. And as you may guess, we're going to work with the internal states of the form in order to get the information that we type. And then update, change the states. Here we go. And so what we're going to do as well is that we're going to pass this function as prop as well. That's going to be unchange for handle and change and then on submit for handle and submit. And so back in upload form we're going to be able to read from this props and then run the action from the form on submit like so. So we have two inputs in this form. So one first, which is to get the user information. So whatever the user is typing, we're going to get it from here so that it's going to be on change and then on change. And we have another one, which is to then get the file that we upload from our machine. So we're going to pass as well this handler function. And for the form, so that's going to be in the opening tag. So we want to allow to submit from this form with on submit. And I want to make sure that the button, so here you should read type submit. So this is all good. So now, so what we're going to do we're going to make a quick test. And I'm going to finish to set this up because we want to also allow to right away update the state, which is with set input. We're going to get whichever text content that the user is typing. We want to get it. And then we're going to see how this works. I'm going to open the console and we're going to check this out with the React developer tools. We're going to look at our form and you're going to see that as soon as I type, it's going to update here the state for the content I am passing. So basically for this demo, I'm just going to use this and then I'm going to pass this. And let's see what happens if we then allow to update the states this time with the user interaction, with the user input. So we're going to update with, we're going to merge with the existing items we have and we're going to pass input to update right here. Here we go. Let's try this out. We're going to open, so make the form visible. We're going to pass a value. I'm going to make another, we're going to change the ID so this is what we have, and then we can click save change. And then you can see that, you should see, oh, there is one thing with the form that we should always remember because you could see that it refreshed the page. So the default behavior with the form is that it's going to refresh the page. So in order to prevent the default behavior of the form we're going to add this line and then we're going to run the code. And I am missing also the event. Here we go. Let's try this out again. So I'm going to take one value. I just want to show you how it works, how we can manage the form before we can actually upload real images. So let's try that. Now you see that we have a brand new images after we interacted with the form. That's great. So now we're going to see how we can upload actual images. We're going to look at that next.